Albania

Albania is a small, mountainous country in the Balkan peninsula,
with a long Adriatic and Ionian coastline. 
Along with neighbouring and mainly Albanian-inhabited Kosovo,
 it has a Muslim majority - a legacy of its centuries of Ottoman rule.
*
Andorra

Andorra, small independent European coprincipality situated among
the southern peaks of the Pyrenees Mountains
It is one of the smallest states in Europe. The capital is Andorra la
Vella.
*
Austria

Austria is a landlocked country of approximately 8.7 million inhabitants 
in Central Europe. Austria's terrain is highly mountainous due to the 
presence of the Alps; only 32% of the country is below 500 metres, 
and its highest point the Grossglockner is 3,798 metres.
*
Belgium

Belgium, country of northwestern Europe. It is one of the smallest 
and most densely populated European countries, and it has been, 
since its independence in 1830, a representative democracy headed 
by a hereditary constitutional monarch. Initially, Belgium had a 
unitary form of government.
*
Belarus

Belarus is a landlocked country bordered by Lithuania and Latvia 
to the northwest, by Russia to the north and east, by Ukraine to 
the south, and by Poland to the west. In area, it is roughly one-third 
the size of its southern neighbour, Ukraine.
*
Bosnia and Herzegovina

Bosnia and Herzegovina is a country in Southeastern Europe on the 
Balkan Peninsula. It borders Croatia, Serbia, and Montenegro and 
has a small Adriatic Sea coastline. The geography of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina is mountainous. The government system is an 
emerging federal democratic republic.
*
Bulgaria

Bulgaria, officially the Republic of Bulgaria, a unitary state on the 
Balkan Peninsula in southeastern Europe bordering the Black Sea 
in east. The country shares international borders with Greece, 
the Republic of Macedonia, Romania, Serbia, and Turkey.
*
Croatia

Croatia, officially the Republic of Croatia, is a country in Southeast 
Europe. It borders Slovenia to the northwest, Hungary to the 
northeast, Serbia to the east, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and 
Montenegro to the southeast, sharing a maritime border with Italy.
*
Czech Republic

The Czech Republic, also known by its short-form name, Czechia, 
is a landlocked country in Central Europe bordered by Austria to 
the south, Germany to the west, Poland to the northeast and 
Slovakia to the southeast.
*
Denmark

Denmark is a Scandinavian country comprising the Jutland 
Peninsula and numerous islands. It's linked to nearby Sweden
via the Öresund bridge. Copenhagen, its capital, is home to 
royal palaces and colorful Nyhavn harbor, plus the Tivoli 
amusement park and the iconic “Little Mermaid” statue. 
*
Estonia

Estonia, a country in Northern Europe, borders the Baltic Sea 
and Gulf of Finland. Including more than 1,500 islands, 
its diverse terrain spans rocky beaches, old-growth forest 
and many lakes. Formerly part of the Soviet Union, it's 
dotted with castles, churches and hilltop fortresses. 
*
Finland

Finland is a Northern European nation bordering Sweden, 
Norway and Russia. Its capital, Helsinki, occupies a peninsula 
and surrounding islands in the Baltic Sea. Helsinki is home to 
the 18th-century sea fortress Suomenlinna, the fashionable 
Design District and diverse museums. The Northern Lights can 
be seen from the country's Arctic Lapland province, a vast 
wilderness with national parks and ski resorts.
*
France

France, in Western Europe, encompasses medieval cities, 
alpine villages and Mediterranean beaches. Paris, its capital, 
is famed for its fashion houses, classical art museums 
including the Louvre and monuments like the Eiffel Tower. 
The country is also renowned for its wines and sophisticated 
cuisine. Lascaux’s ancient cave drawings, Lyon’s Roman 
theater and the vast Palace of Versailles attest to its rich history.
*
Germany

Germany is a Western European country with a landscape of 
forests, rivers, mountain ranges and North Sea beaches. It has
over 2 millennia of history. Berlin, its capital, is home to art and
 nightlife scenes, the Brandenburg Gate and many sites relating 
to WWII. Munich is known for its Oktoberfest and beer halls, i
ncluding the 16th-century Hofbräuhaus. Frankfurt, with its 
skyscrapers, houses the European Central Bank.
*
Greece

Greece is a country in southeastern Europe with thousands of
 islands throughout the Aegean and Ionian seas. Influential in 
ancient times, it's often called the cradle of Western civilization. 
Athens, its capital, retains landmarks including the 5th-century 
B.C. Acropolis citadel with the Parthenon temple. Greece is 
also known for its beaches, from the black sands of Santorini 
to the party resorts of Mykonos.
*
Hungary

Hungary is a landlocked country in Central Europe. Its capital, 
Budapest, is bisected by the Danube River. Its cityscape is 
studded with architectural landmarks from Buda’s medieval 
Castle Hill and grand neoclassical buildings along Pest’s Andrássy 
Avenue to the 19th-century Chain Bridge. Turkish and Roman 
influence on Hungarian culture includes the popularity of 
mineral spas, including at thermal Lake Hévíz.
*
Iceland

Iceland, a Nordic island nation, is defined by its dramatic landscape
 with volcanoes, geysers, hot springs and lava fields. Massive 
glaciers are protected in Vatnajökull and Snæfellsjökull national 
parks. Most of the population lives in the capital, Reykjavik, which 
runs on geothermal power and is home to the National and Saga 
museums, tracing Iceland’s Viking history.
*
Ireland

Ireland is an island in the North Atlantic. It is separated from 
Great Britain to its east by the North Channel, the Irish Sea, 
and St George's Channel. Ireland is the second-largest island 
of the British Isles, the third-largest in Europe, and the 
twentieth-largest on Earth.
*
Italy

taly, a European country with a long Mediterranean coastline, 
has left a powerful mark on Western culture and cuisine. 
Its capital, Rome, is home to the Vatican as well as landmark art
 and ancient ruins. Other major cities include Florence, with 
Renaissance masterpieces such as Michelangelo’s "David" 
and Brunelleschi's Duomo; Venice, the city of canals; and 
Milan, Italy’s fashion capital.
*
Latvia

Latvia is a country on the Baltic Sea between Lithuania and
 Estonia. Its landscape is marked by wide beaches as well 
as dense, sprawling forests. Latvia’s capital is Riga, home 
to notable wooden and art nouveau architecture, a vast 
Central Market and a medieval Old Town with 
St. Peter's Church. Riga's museums include the Latvian 
Ethnographic Open-Air Museum, showcasing local crafts, 
food and music.
*
Lithuania

Lithuania, officially the Republic of Lithuania, is a country 
in the Baltic region of Europe. Lithuania is one of the 
Baltic states. The country is situated along the southeastern 
shore of the Baltic Sea, to the southeast of Sweden 
and Denmark. 
*
Liechtenstein

Liechtenstein is a German-speaking, 25km-long principality 
between Austria and Switzerland. It’s known for its medieval 
castles, alpine landscapes and villages linked by a network 
of trails. The capital, Vaduz, a cultural and financial center, 
is home to Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein, with galleries of
 modern and contemporary art. The Postmuseum displays 
Liechtenstein’s postage stamps.
*
Luxembourg

Luxembourg is a small European country, surrounded by 
Belgium, France and Germany. It’s mostly rural, with 
dense Ardennes forest and nature parks in the north, rocky 
gorges of the Mullerthal region in the east and the Moselle 
river valley in the southeast. Its capital, Luxembourg City, 
is famed for its fortified medieval old town perched on 
sheer cliffs.
*
Malta

Malta is an archipelago in the central Mediterranean between 
Sicily and the North African coast. It's a nation known for 
historic sites related to a succession of rulers including the 
Romans, Moors, Knights of Saint John, French and British. 
It has numerous fortresses, megalithic temples and the Ħal 
Saflieni Hypogeum, a subterranean complex of halls and 
burial chambers dating to circa 4000 B.C.
*
Monaco

Monaco, officially the Principality of Monaco, is a sovereign
 city-state, country, and microstate on the French Riviera in 
Western Europe. It is bordered by France to the north, east 
and west, and by the Mediterranean Sea to the south. 
*
Montenegro

Montenegro is a Balkan country with rugged mountains, 
medieval villages and a narrow strip of beaches along its 
Adriatic coastline. The Bay of Kotor, resembling a fjord, 
is dotted with coastal churches and fortified towns such 
as Kotor and Herceg Novi. Durmitor National Park, 
home to bears and wolves, encompasses limestone 
peaks, glacial lakes and 1,300m-deep Tara River Canyon.
*
Moldova

Moldova, an Eastern European country and former Soviet 
republic, has varied terrain including forests, rocky hills and 
vineyards. Its wine regions include Nistreana, known for reds, 
and Codru, home to some of the world’s largest cellars. 
Capital Chișinău has Soviet-style architecture and the National 
Museum of History, exhibiting art and ethnographic collections 
that reflect cultural links with neighboring Romania.
*
Netherlands

The Netherlands, a country in northwestern Europe, is known 
for a flat landscape of canals, tulip fields, windmills and cycling 
routes. Amsterdam, the capital, is home to the Rijksmuseum, 
Van Gogh Museum and the house where Jewish diarist 
Anne Frank hid during WWII. Canalside mansions and a trove of
 works from artists including Rembrandt and Vermeer remain 
from the city's 17th-century "Golden Age."
*
Norway

Norway is a Scandinavian country encompassing mountains, 
glaciers and deep coastal fjords. Oslo, the capital, is a city of green 
spaces and museums. Preserved 9th-century Viking ships are 
displayed at Oslo’s Viking Ship Museum. Bergen, with colorful
 wooden houses, is the starting point for cruises to the dramatic 
Sognefjord. Norway is also known for fishing, hiking and skiing, 
notably at Lillehammer’s Olympic resort.
*
North Macedonia

North Macedonia, officially the Republic of North Macedonia, 
is a country in the Balkan Peninsula in Southeast Europe. 
It gained its independence in 1991 as one of the successor 
states of Yugoslavia.
*
Portugal

Portugal is a southern European country on the Iberian Peninsula, 
bordering Spain. Its location on the Atlantic Ocean has influenced
 many aspects of its culture: salt cod and grilled sardines are national 
dishes, the Algarve's beaches are a major destination and much of 
the nation’s architecture dates to the 1500s–1800s, when Portugal
 had a powerful maritime empire.
*
Poland

Poland, officially the Republic of Poland, is a country located in 
Central Europe. It is divided into 16 administrative subdivisions, 
covering an area of 312,696 square kilometres, and has a largely 
temperate seasonal climate.
*
Romania

Romania is a southeastern European country known for the 
forested region of Transylvania, ringed by the Carpathian Mountains. 
Its preserved medieval towns include Sighişoara, and there are 
many fortified churches and castles, notably clifftop Bran Castle, 
long associated with the Dracula legend. Bucharest, the 
country’s capital, is the site of the gigantic, Communist-era 
Palatul Parlamentului government building.
*
Russia

Russia is a transcontinental country located in Eastern Europe and 
Northern Asia.Covering an area of 17,125,200 square kilometres it 
is the largest country in the world by area, spanning more than 
one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area, stretching eleven time 
zones, and bordering 16 sovereign nations. The territory of Russia 
extends from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific Ocean in 
the east, and from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea
 and the Caucasus in the south.
*
San Marino

San Marino is a mountainous microstate surrounded by 
north-central Italy. Among the world’s oldest republics, it retains 
much of its historic architecture. On the slopes of Monte Titano 
sits the capital, also called San Marino, known for its medieval 
walled old town and narrow cobblestone streets. The Three 
Towers, castlelike citadels dating to the 11th century, sit atop 
Titano’s neighboring peaks.
*
Serbia

Serbia, officially the Republic of Serbia, is a landlocked country 
situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe in 
the southern Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans.
*
Slovakia

Slovakia, officially the Slovak Republic, is a landlocked country in 
Central Europe. It is bordered by Poland to the north, Ukraine to 
the east, Hungary to the south, Austria to the southwest, and 
Czech Republic to the northwest. Slovakia's territory spans about 
49,000 square kilometres and is mostly mountainous.
*
Spain

Spain, a country on Europe’s Iberian Peninsula, includes 17 
autonomous regions with diverse geography and cultures. 
Capital city Madrid is home to the Royal Palace and Prado museum, housing works by European masters. 
Segovia has a medieval castle (the Alcázar) and an intact Roman 
aqueduct. Catalonia’s capital, Barcelona, is defined by Antoni 
Gaudí’s whimsical modernist landmarks like the Sagrada Família 
church.
*
Sweden

Sweden is a Scandinavian nation with thousands of coastal islands 
and inland lakes, along with vast boreal forests and glaciated 
mountains. Its principal cities, eastern capital Stockholm and 
southwestern Gothenburg and Malmö, are all coastal. Stockholm is 
built on 14 islands. It has more than 50 bridges, as well as the 
medieval old town, Gamla Stan, royal palaces and museums 
such as open-air Skansen.
*
Switzerland

Switzerland is a mountainous Central European country, home to 
numerous lakes, villages and the high peaks of the Alps. Its cities 
contain medieval quarters, with landmarks like capital Bern’s 
Zytglogge clock tower and Lucerne’s wooden chapel bridge. 
The country is also known for its ski resorts and hiking trails. 
Banking and finance are key industries, and Swiss watches and 
chocolate are world renowned.
*
Ukraine

Ukraine is a large country in Eastern Europe known for its 
Orthodox churches, Black Sea coastline and forested mountains. 
Its capital, Kiev, features the gold-domed St. Sophia's Cathedral, 
with 11th-century mosaics and frescoes. Overlooking the Dnieper 
River is the Kiev Pechersk Lavra monastery complex, a Christian 
pilgrimage site housing Scythian tomb relics and catacombs 
containing mummified Orthodox monks.
*
United Kingdom

The United Kingdom, made up of England, Scotland, Wales and 
Northern Ireland, is an island nation in northwestern Europe. 
England – birthplace of Shakespeare and The Beatles – is home 
to the capital, London, a globally influential centre of finance and
culture. England is also site of Neolithic Stonehenge, Bath’s 
Roman spa and centuries-old universities at Oxfordand Cambridge.
*
Vatican City

Vatican City, a city-state surrounded by Rome, Italy, is the 
headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church. It's home to the 
Pope and a trove of iconic art and architecture. Its Vatican 
Museums house ancient Roman sculptures such as the famed 
“Laocoön and His Sons” as well as Renaissance frescoes 
in the Raphael Rooms and the Sistine Chapel, famous for 
Michelangelo’s ceiling.
*